feat(site): add skill for hermes agent (#259)
mem9-ai/mem9: site/public/hermes/SKILL.md

- The official install path is the upstream `install.sh` script from that repository.
- The upstream README documents install, uninstall, `.env` persistence, and `hermes memory status` verification behavior.
- The upstream `after-install.md` documents the manual provider-link step inside the Hermes repo's `plugins/memory/` directory when the automatic link is missing.
- The plugin runtime behavior, credential persistence, and Hermes integration semantics are defined by the installed plugin and the upstream repo, not by this document.

## Allowed Action Scope

Only these actions are in scope unless the user explicitly asks for more:

- Read `hermes version`
- Run the official install script from `mem9-ai/mem9-hermes-plugin`
- Run `hermes plugins install mem9-ai/mem9-hermes-plugin` only as a fallback when the official install script is unavailable or when the upstream instructions explicitly require the manual path
- Run the upstream helper script `link-memory-provider.sh` from the installed mem9 Hermes plugin when the Hermes provider link is missing
- Set `HERMES_PROJECT_ROOT` only for the current install/link command when Hermes cannot auto-detect the project root

> - Run `hermes config set memory.provider mem9` only on the manual fallback path, to set mem9 as the active provider non-interactively

Reviewer: The "only on the manual fallback path" wording will conflict with `SETUP.md` once the link-repair flow also activates mem9 non-interactively (see my comment on `SETUP.md` Step 3). After that lands, this scope bullet should cover both paths.

Suggested wording:

```suggestion
- Run `hermes config set memory.provider mem9` on the link-repair path or the manual fallback path, to set mem9 as the active provider non-interactively
```
